_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://www.cuhk.edu.hk/english/index.html'>Affiliations</a>. The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

profile:
  align: right
  image: img.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: zs021[at]ie.cuhk.edu.hk

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I received my PhD degree from the Information Engineering Department at The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2025. My research interests include congestion control, mobile networks, and video streaming.

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->

Commit message:

Clean up: update email, remove demo content, fix workflows
- Email updated to albertzhushengtong@gmail.com
- Removed 10 unnecessary workflows (kept only deploy.yml)
- Removed all demo blog posts (30+ files)
- Removed demo pages (about_einstein, dropdown, profiles)
- Updated about page with proper bio and research highlights
- Added news items (NSDI'26, PhD defense)
- Disabled empty nav items (blog, teaching, projects, repositories)
- Enabled news in navbar

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://www.cuhk.edu.hk/english/index.html'>The Chinese University of Hong Kong</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: img.png
  image_circular: false
  more_info: albertzhushengtong[at]gmail.com

news: true
selected_papers: true
social: true
---

I received my PhD from the [Department of Information Engineering](https://www.ie.cuhk.edu.hk/) at The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2025, advised by [Prof. Jack Y.B. Lee](https://www.ie.cuhk.edu.hk/~jacklee/).

My research focuses on **network transport protocols** and **video streaming optimization**, with a particular emphasis on TCP performance in mobile networks. I work on problems at the intersection of protocol design, measurement, and machine learning — building systems that improve real-world network performance at scale.

Recent highlights:
- **R-TCP** accepted at **NSDI '26** — a framework that reduces excessive TCP retransmissions under rate-limiting by up to 88%.
- Deployed **BBR-E2E** in production at a major short-video platform, improving rebuffering metrics across trillions of video sessions in a country-scale A/B test (ICNP '24).
- Published in **IEEE TMC** on rate-limiting detection (MODRL) and adaptive bitrate streaming for short videos.
